# MarketingResearch

In this project, my group was tasked with creating and testing a marketing survey. Our focus was to take a look at the rental market in West Lafayette, IN. Specifically, as more high-rise apartments and upscale buildings are being built around town, we wanted to get an idea of whether students could even afford that type of living or whether there was a different type of apartment that would appeal to more students in the area. 

First, we sent out a short Qualtrics survey on what they look for in an apartment. After receiving over 50 submissions, we began descriptive data analysis to see if there were any trends we were finding in the data. All in all, based on our survey results, we recommended that landlords of apartments in the West Lafayette/Lafayette area aim for a price point between $500 and $750 with easy access to transportation that takes students to campus. Other factors such as amenities like gyms and pools as well as furnished or unfurnished apartments that may boost the value of the apartment seemed to elicit a wide range of opinions, and thus, we recommended just doing what is best for your personal business as we do not feel like the choices could hurt or benefit business. In addition, based on the demographic analyses, we recommended 6 different marketing strategies depending on the ideal demographic target. If the apartment complex has more larger apartments, we recommend they create marketing ads showing more female residents, but if the apartment complex has more smaller apartment options, we recommend showcasing male or international residents on websites and other marketing materials. In addition, if the apartment is targeting minority or non-white students, it might be beneficial to emphasize the transportation options available to residents in the complex to get to campus.

Things I would do differently
1. The code itself if pretty clunky and inefficient since most of the charts and tables are the same output for different variables. I would ideally have either looped through the variables or I would have created a simple function to give the table and charts I desired. 
